New challenge: Find the errors (#402)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/html-and-the-web/find-the-errors/README.md

   organization, especially in collaborative environments. It helps
   developers quickly understand the structure of the code, find element, and nested elements. Proper indentation visually separates different blocks of code, making it easier to
   identify relationships between functions, classes, and other
   components, ultimately reducing the chance of errors.</p><p>
   Additionally, well-indented code follows common best practices and
   standards, which are essential for teamwork and long-term
   maintenance of a project. When code is uniformly indented, it
   becomes easier for others to jump in, review, or modify it without
   confusion. This clarity improves communication between developers
   and enhances the overall quality of the project.</p>
   <div><img src=https://images.unsplash.com/32/RgJQ82pETlKd0B7QzcJO_5912578701_92397ba76c_b.jpg?q=80&w=1024&auto=format&fit=crop&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D
   width="300" height="200" /><br /><a href="https://www.google.com/">Google Here <br /></a><ul>
   <li>First item</li><li>Second item</li></ul>
   </div><footer><p>Footer</p></footer>
   </body></html>

   ```

> 3. Save the file. Once saved, you will notice that Prettier (in the bottom right of VS Code) is showing as red. This indicates that there are some formatting or syntax errors. Additionally, you will see that the code is not auto-indenting, which means there might be missing or incorrect tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Save the file. Once saved, you will notice that Prettier (in the bottom right of VS Code) is showing as red. This indicates that there are some formatting or syntax errors. Prettier cannot format files which contain syntax errors, therefore the HTML is not indented as expected.
```
